my housetop reindeer pause out jumps
good old Santa so guys I'm really
excited for Christmas time so I just
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so some fun facts for you all when
I was younger my favorite Christmas CD
was actually almost Christmas and my
favorite song was almost all this blue
Christmas so let's see if we can pull
that one up
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm like not focusing on this thing and
I need to like actually
okay the heat from the strainer and like
me dancing around is making me so hot so
I'm gonna change all this and then
trying to break in I'm actually looking
guys I'm actually always really afraid
to do this because when I was in sixth
grade I would always come my eyelashes
cuz I wasn't allowed to wear makeup one
time I was coming eyelashes and then the
little thing here like split and I
actually like cut off half my eyelashes
so I'm always like super duper nervous
time I do this worried that that's gonna
hopefully it won't ever because that was
tragic
[Music]
I always go from like when I'm wearing
actual clothes looking pretty good and
then I always put on like t-shirts in my
way hi mom hey what's up okay
yeah when okay oh yeah I'll get everyone
ready and then won't believe okay all
right see there bye
all right guys so it turns out like
we're actually gonna go somewhere today
so we're just getting ready that's one
things I like about Turnpike's is you
can literally wear anything underneath
I'm getting pretty snappy here alright
so we are headed to the upper cutoff but
then we are going to go clean the office
so the office is actually dental office
and we've cleaned it since we were
little kids and that
and how are you guys so we made it to
the office and so we're just gonna help
our mom clean it and then once we're
done with that we're gonna go on a few
more adventures all right guys so now we
are headed to Giant Eagle and we're
going to grab a present because I doing
this Secret Sister thing so I'm gonna
get a present for my secret sister and
then you need to mail that to her you
guys please tell me why it's expensive I
want you you know the six dollars let me
yes drumstick
I would say ice cream but bugs are good
if I already had some
I don't even know
we're out so good luck
alright guys so we just got out of
Django and we're just gonna show you
what we got because it's fun to show
people what you get my store also it's
raining if you hear that noise you're
don't see that's do we got the bread and
then I got tahini which sesame seed
stuff I don't know one of my favorite
youtubers Sarah's day she makes a lot of
her recipes using this so I'm gonna try
that out you know get on my health game
I got some to Rick because of her as
well because she uses us to cook a lot
and then some herbal tea and then why
don't you get okay so we're gonna drive
home and we're gonna drive home and
we'll see you there I called the
gingerbread house he's crazy
I mean linen are crazy can burn down
other people's like crazy roses it
doesn't like big places people go all
out
and don't look at the screen link above
black
I
I look at myself
literally smells so good in our house
and it's all because we've been like my
mama B is my daddy on my own insta pops
for her birthday and now we are you guys
soon we are actually heading over to her
friend's house to play some basketball
dad dad you're struggling there a little
bit good go Riley go
[Music]
hey hey you should review what's doing
the foot thing whoo nice toes big guy
your toes let's see them
[Laughter]
[Music]
Riley versus Jordan Riley right what do
you have to say there's a gingerbread
house at night I love that idea every
morning he's crazy
migrant and there may be a group of like
tear 23 on three
this is how I feel Riley videos mean hey
hey Ally are you doing like you like
this like this like like she's sick
I look so bad
okay so it is the end of the date about
12 o'clock we went to our friends house
and then with our other friends house to
see there are new renovations that they
got done yeah and then we just came home
oh yeah I'm just going to go ahead and
carry her bed and go to sleep
thank you so much for watching
[Music]